Release eds-tokens@0.5.0 (#913)
equinor/design-system: libraries/tokens/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.5.0] - 2020-11-26

### Added

> - Typescript support in all of the EDS libraries ([Typescript Milestone](https://github.com/equinor/design-system/milestone/7?closed=1))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Types, as part of the ([Typescript Milestone](https://github.com/equinor/design-system/milestone/7?closed=1))
```

Since Typescript _support_ is something an editor has for example, while the _types_ are what we provide. Or maybe _Typescript types_ if we want to spell it out.
